[TT-4696] Getting Started docs for tyk-operator (Access API) (#406)
TykTechnologies/tyk-operator: docs/getting-started.md

In order to update `httpbin` API, either update your `httpbin.yaml` file as follows:
```yaml
apiVersion: tyk.tyk.io/v1alpha1
kind: ApiDefinition
metadata:
  name: httpbin
spec:
  name: httpbin
  use_keyless: false
  protocol: http
  active: true
  proxy:
    target_url: http://httpbin.org
    listen_path: /httpbin
    strip_listen_path: true
```

and apply changes :
```bash
kubectl apply -f config/samples/httpbin.yaml

apidefinition.tyk.tyk.io/httpbin configured
```

Or,

```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: tyk.tyk.io/v1alpha1
kind: ApiDefinition
metadata:
    name: httpbin
spec:
    name: httpbin
    use_keyless: false
    protocol: http
    active: true
    proxy:
        target_url: http://httpbin.org
        listen_path: /httpbin
        strip_listen_path: true
EOF

apidefinition.tyk.tyk.io/httpbin configured
```

In order to access `httpbin` API, you need to include a key to the header.

> **Note**: All supported authentication types by Tyk Operator are listed [here](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-operator/blob/master/docs/api_definitions.md#client-to-gateway-authentication).

> Authentication token is the default one if you are using keyless API.

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
Authentication token is the default one if you have set `use_keyless` to false and haven't specified any other Authentication mode.
```

```bash
kubectl describe tykapis httpbin
Name:         httpbin
Namespace:    default
Labels:       <none>
Annotations:  <none>
API Version:  tyk.tyk.io/v1alpha1
Kind:         ApiDefinition
Metadata:
  ...
Spec:
  ...
  api_id:  ZGVmYXVsdC9odHRwYmlu
  ...
Status:
  api_id:  ZGVmYXVsdC9odHRwYmlu
Events:    <none>
```

Once you describe `httpbin` ApiDefinition, the API ID is represented in the `status.api_id` field.

In our example,
- `{API-NAME}`: httpbin
- `{API-ID}`: ZGVmYXVsdC9odHRwYmlu

The below curl command will generate a key for our API:

```bash
curl -X POST -H "x-tyk-authorization: {API-SECRET}" \
  -s \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -X POST \
  -d '{
    "allowance": 1000,
    "rate": 1000,
    "per": 1,
    "expires": -1,
    "quota_max": -1,
    "org_id": "1",
    "quota_renews": 1449051461,
    "quota_remaining": -1,
    "quota_renewal_rate": 60,
    "access_rights": {
      "{API-ID}": {
        "api_id": "{API-ID}",
        "api_name": "{API-NAME}",
        "versions": ["Default"]
      }
    },
    "meta_data": {}
  }' http://localhost:8080/tyk/keys/create | python -mjson.tool

> {

Reviewer: Move response in separate section so user is able to copy just the curl request.

    "action": "added",
    "key": "eyJvcmciOiIxIiwiaWQiOiIxZTNhMTNhNGU4MGQ0ZWIxOGMzNjhlNzkyMjY5ODBmYiIsImgiOiJtdXJtdXIxMjgifQ==",
    "key_hash": "9d8b101625d77f93153f2eeb0d2ae365",
    "status": "ok"
}
```

That’s it, we have created a key - now we can try and use it.

```bash
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer eyJvcmciOiIxIiwiaWQiOiIxZTNhMTNhNGU4MGQ0ZWIxOGMzNjhlNzkyMjY5ODBmYiIsImgiOiJtdXJtdXIxMjgifQ==" localhost:8080/httpbin/get
{
  "args": {},
  "headers": {
    "Accept": "*/*",
    "Accept-Encoding": "gzip",
    "Authorization": "Bearer eyJvcmciOiIxIiwiaWQiOiIxZTNhMTNhNGU4MGQ0ZWIxOGMzNjhlNzkyMjY5ODBmYiIsImgiOiJtdXJtdXIxMjgifQ==",
    "Host": "httpbin.org",
    "User-Agent": "curl/7.77.0",
    "X-Amzn-Trace-Id": "Root=1-6221e1e5-084139824f22e88542ab9246"
  },
  "origin": "127.0.0.1, 176.42.143.200",
  "url": "http://httpbin.org/get"
}
```

### Tyk Pro

Select `Keys` from the `System Management` section and click `ADD KEY` as shown in the image below.

![dashboard-keys-page](./img/getting-started-keys.png)

> You have the option to add your new key to either an existing Policy or an existing individual API. For this tutorial we are going to use an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the option to create a new key either by selecting an existing Policy created for your API or by simply selecting your API. For this tutorial we are going to use an API.
```

> To select `httpbin` API, you can either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select `httpbin` API:
```

Author: Updated 👍
